5/7/2022, 6:02:33 PM - midipoet: quiet here
5/7/2022, 6:02:39 PM - ArticMine: Hi
5/7/2022, 6:02:48 PM - midipoet: hi ArticMine
5/7/2022, 6:03:01 PM - deedledea: hi! 
5/7/2022, 6:03:07 PM - deedledea: I hope I'm not missing messages, I didn't see a greeting
5/7/2022, 6:03:23 PM - midipoet: there was a greeting, yes
5/7/2022, 6:03:32 PM - midipoet: at least, i posted one
5/7/2022, 6:03:55 PM - deedledea[m]: reloaded and see it, sorry...proceed :)
5/7/2022, 6:04:33 PM - midipoet: 2. Invoices for community approval (DR)
5/7/2022, 6:05:00 PM - msvb-web: Hello.
5/7/2022, 6:05:38 PM - midipoet: we have one invoice for approval (from venue for nightime)
5/7/2022, 6:05:40 PM - deedledea[m]: We have the second invoice from Arroz Studios (the venue) up: 
https://cryptpad.fr/file/#/2/file/efuJs7f7V6ZeBglpvsbbhXbJ/
5/7/2022, 6:06:01 PM - deedledea[m]: Did we settle on bands or are all the bands we can choose from covered in this flat 2000€ fee? 
5/7/2022, 6:06:11 PM - midipoet: we are still waiting on the more detailed invoice from them
5/7/2022, 6:06:14 PM - monerokon-tg_: [telegram] <ajs_xmr>What is included?
5/7/2022, 6:06:17 PM - midipoet: to include the bookings/bands
5/7/2022, 6:06:31 PM - monerokon-tg_: [telegram] <ajs_xmr>Any details on drinks?
5/7/2022, 6:06:41 PM - midipoet: @gramsdb and @manhuichi did say they would be present, but as far as i am aware, there is no concrete update yet
5/7/2022, 6:06:59 PM - deedledea[m]: ok so we don't approve this until the clarification comes? 
5/7/2022, 6:07:16 PM - midipoet: ajs_: the drinks have been discussed. they wish to charge €2.50 a token and then drink prices are 1, 2, or 3 tokens
5/7/2022, 6:07:25 PM - msvb-web: The 2K is one DJ and one live group, is that right?
5/7/2022, 6:07:28 PM - midipoet: deedledea: correct
5/7/2022, 6:07:31 PM - midipoet: we should wait until we clarify a few things
5/7/2022, 6:08:29 PM - midipoet: on the kanban i do see an invoice pending payment. do we need to discuss this, or are we ok to proceed?
5/7/2022, 6:08:41 PM - midipoet: the pending payment is for the SWAG from monerodevices
5/7/2022, 6:08:58 PM - ajs_: Can we pre-pay for X amount of drink tokens to give to VIPs
5/7/2022, 6:09:08 PM - midipoet: msvb-web: i think we are trying to clarify exactly what bands/artists are included
5/7/2022, 6:09:30 PM - ArticMine: Is there a separate document with this info
5/7/2022, 6:09:32 PM - midipoet: ajs_: yes, we can buy tokens, the question is whether we want to buy X amount of tickets, or some other plan
5/7/2022, 6:09:39 PM - deedledea[m]: > <@midipoet:libera.chat> on the kanban i do see an invoice pending payment. do we need to discuss this, or are we ok to proceed?

we are ok to pay, I will make sure it gets processed - not sure why it hasn't been yet
5/7/2022, 6:09:54 PM - midipoet: ArticMine: this is the kanban https://cryptpad.disroot.org/kanban/#/2/kanban/edit/dXRhQNnsd3eLZelrDTAyK-eZ/
5/7/2022, 6:09:55 PM - msvb-web: The swag invoice corresponds with our decision to purchase 100 swag bags, unless there are questions go to the next topic.
5/7/2022, 6:10:09 PM - midipoet: 3. Update on venue requirements q list (G+H)
5/7/2022, 6:10:55 PM - midipoet: https://cryptpad.disroot.org/pad/#/2/pad/edit/NnjBlAV78oEKScZKVnqMOtox/
5/7/2022, 6:10:56 PM - msvb-web: Too bad we don't get an update, I'm a little worred that electricity is being overlooked. So there is an outstanding question about that in the venu requirements.
5/7/2022, 6:11:14 PM - midipoet: msvb-web: please add any concern you have to that document
5/7/2022, 6:11:27 PM - msvb-web: Yes, I did that already and highlighted it in orange.
5/7/2022, 6:11:41 PM - msvb-web: Because we have a ATM machine to feed with power for example.
5/7/2022, 6:11:46 PM - midipoet: as far as i remember the venue said there is ample elec supplied *unless we were bringing in lots of a/c or equipment
5/7/2022, 6:12:09 PM - msvb-web: That's what I remember as well, just trying to keep the topic alive so it's clear to be important.
5/7/2022, 6:12:20 PM - midipoet: msvb-web: ok.
5/7/2022, 6:12:57 PM - midipoet: msvb-web: on the ATM - can you please PM me your working email, as we have a meeting with Boinnex on Thursday about the ATM 
5/7/2022, 6:13:04 PM - deedledea[m]: > <@msvb-web:libera.chat> Too bad we don't get an update, I'm a little worred that electricity is being overlooked. So there is an outstanding question about that in the venu requirements.

You mean that they would specifically charge for the electricity used? I would think that comes with the venue fee...
5/7/2022, 6:13:13 PM - midipoet: they could not join the wednesday meeting
5/7/2022, 6:15:24 PM - midipoet: as far as i can tell G+H are working through the venue requirements doc. there was one question about whether we wanted a 13 person bus hired for the weekend, as service for speakers/volunteers and sponsors?
5/7/2022, 6:15:38 PM - msvb-web: deedledea: No that's not what's meant, the concern is that some areas of the venue will be vacant of power. Just there where we need a machine of some kind.
5/7/2022, 6:17:03 PM - deedledea[m]: > <@msvb-web:libera.chat> deedledea: No that's not what's meant, the concern is that some areas of the venue will be vacant of power. Just there where we need a machine of some kind.

Ah ok. Makes sense! 
5/7/2022, 6:19:05 PM - midipoet: are there any thoughts on the speaker bus?
5/7/2022, 6:19:21 PM - midipoet: msvb-web: i know you had mentioned it before?
5/7/2022, 6:19:49 PM - msvb-web: You are asking me about the speaker bus? I'm not the expert.
5/7/2022, 6:20:26 PM - msvb-web: I mentioned that if the speaker dinner is far away, where most of the greatest most historical places are, that we could get a bus to pick up at the venue and transport the speakers to the dinner.
5/7/2022, 6:20:49 PM - msvb-web: But one of the most liked dinner options is walking distance, so if we choose that one then no bus is needed.
5/7/2022, 6:21:10 PM - midipoet: ok
5/7/2022, 6:21:38 PM - midipoet: is there anything else on the V Requirements doc that needs discussion?
5/7/2022, 6:23:10 PM - msvb-web: An outstanding question regarding the venue is if we are still trying to cap attendence at 150.
5/7/2022, 6:23:27 PM - msvb-web: 120 fit indoors under the roof.
5/7/2022, 6:23:39 PM - msvb-web: And a few hundreds more fit outside (under parasols?)
5/7/2022, 6:25:12 PM - midipoet: i think we should cap attendence at max 200 total
5/7/2022, 6:25:33 PM - midipoet: until we are absolutely sure of parasols, chairs, and/or beanbags
5/7/2022, 6:25:41 PM - msvb-web: Good suggestion. Does ajs_ feel good about 200 capacity?
5/7/2022, 6:26:06 PM - ajs_: As max, okay
5/7/2022, 6:26:46 PM - msvb-web: Any objection to 200 max deedledea ArticMine?
5/7/2022, 6:27:15 PM - deedledea[m]: no objection
5/7/2022, 6:28:55 PM - ArticMine: Sound fine to me 
5/7/2022, 6:29:23 PM - midipoet: ok. hopefully @gramsdb and @huichi will have made some headway with outstanding items by the wednesday meeting , especially the food (at venue and speakers dinner) as well as the seating arrangements
5/7/2022, 6:29:38 PM - midipoet: 4. CfP status (ajs)
5/7/2022, 6:29:43 PM - ajs_: Selection in progress. Announcement on speaking/workshop roster soon
5/7/2022, 6:29:55 PM - midipoet: thanks ajs_ 
5/7/2022, 6:30:09 PM - midipoet: 5. Update on sponsor interest (all)
5/7/2022, 6:30:23 PM - midipoet: ajs posted an issue earlier, anybody have any thoughts?
5/7/2022, 6:30:35 PM - midipoet: https://cryptpad.disroot.org/pad/#/2/pad/view/BkfjCyO1i5i6iuk8oP+nhGgGRT5YA7WuJEZR6t8ZnMo/embed/
5/7/2022, 6:30:53 PM - msvb-web: I'm at Satoshi Labs this week, who probably want to sponsor. What are the current options? Top tier is sold our right?
5/7/2022, 6:31:03 PM - ajs_: Yes, but we should set a deadline on 'last call'  on proposals if we need/want more
5/7/2022, 6:31:38 PM - ajs_: Yes/maybe
5/7/2022, 6:31:48 PM - ajs_: See doc
5/7/2022, 6:31:49 PM - deedledea[m]: Can we get a status on what is left for each tier? Sorry if there is one in the kanban, I can't access it atm for some reason 
5/7/2022, 6:33:19 PM - deedledea[m]: thanks ajs_[m] 

2 tier 1, 2 tier 2 and 1 tier 1

was the max 2 for each tier?
5/7/2022, 6:33:45 PM - midipoet: ajs_: i think hard deadline should be Wednesday 11th of May. We have enough already to fill the conference (imo)
5/7/2022, 6:34:21 PM - midipoet: ajs_: did we sell the existing tier 1 sponsors on the pretence there was only going to be 2?
5/7/2022, 6:35:25 PM - msvb-web: deedledea: The max for Tier-1 is 2, Tier-2 is 4, Tier-3 is 6.
5/7/2022, 6:36:28 PM - msvb-web: I'd like to remind (before we decide to reject more sponsor funding) that we own 100 swag bags for potentially 200 attendees. The swag bags include lanyards and wristbands for access control at the door.
5/7/2022, 6:36:51 PM - midipoet: could we ask majestic to buy more SWAG and donate it to the conference?
5/7/2022, 6:36:51 PM - deedledea[m]: > <@msvb-web:libera.chat> deedledea: The max for Tier-1 is 2, Tier-2 is 4, Tier-3 is 6.

thanks msvb-web! 
5/7/2022, 6:37:26 PM - msvb-web: binaryFate is the Majestic guy, too bad he can't answer. Do you deedledea know anything about what Majestic wants?
5/7/2022, 6:39:25 PM - ajs_: msvb-web:  TBD
5/7/2022, 6:39:34 PM - deedledea[m]: ajs_[m] has been the primary contact for them re: sponsorship
5/7/2022, 6:39:35 PM - msvb-web: I could offer that to Satoshi Labs, but I would be in the middle of strange things then.
5/7/2022, 6:40:38 PM - msvb-web: Do we want to vote on ajs_'s document now?
5/7/2022, 6:41:10 PM - msvb-web: deedledea: Do you want me to copy the text of his document in this chat window for you?
5/7/2022, 6:41:12 PM - ajs_: It would help to move things along
5/7/2022, 6:41:31 PM - msvb-mtx: We have an issue that requires a community vote.

There is a potential sponsor that is interested in being a "tier 1" sponsor, but since we limited the number to two early in the planning process, we got those slots filled already by other sponsors. Some of you know the name of the potential sponsor, but I would prefer to keep their name confidential until this issue is resolved.

We could ask current "tier 1" sponsors if they would mind expanding the group to include one more sponsor, but I find this option very unprofessional. It is somewhat awkward to initially promise exclusivity, but to later try to change this selling point when there is more interest coming in from other potential sponsors.

As an alternative, it was proposed to create a new sponsorship category called "ticket sponsor" where they would buy a substantial number of tickets and give the tickets away for free to the community. Particularly to speakers and their guests. 

However, there is a concern that if tickets are given away for free, it doesn't necessarily mean people would actually show up to the event, which would create a logistical headache in terms estimating the number of attendees for food/drinks and merch availability. 

I shared this concern with the potential sponsor. They stated that being named a "ticket sponsor" is not important for them. They just want to be a "major" supporter of the event.

Another arrangement that was proposed is to officially be considered a "tier 2" sponsor instead of making a new category, but they would pay the "tier 1" level and in exchange, they would get some of the benefits of "tier 1", like prominent placements of their logo on the website and stage area and public acknowledgment on social media and at the event. This seems like a reasonable compromise, but we still run the risk of annoying the other sponsors by making special arrangements just for one sponsor.

It should be noted that we don't actually "need" more sponsors. So far, we have two "tier 1" sponsors, two "tier 2" sponsors, and one "tier 3" sponsor committed, amounting to €23.500 and with current ticket sales (€4.8k), we are well over the amount that would have been needed in a second round of CCS funding. 

So, what should we do?

A. Accept the proposed arrangement of being consider "tier 2", but paying "tier 1" (€7.5) level for some "tier 1" benefits
B. Reject the proposed arrangement and only offer them "tier 2" (€3.5k) or "tier 3" (€1.5k) levels "as is" without any special riders
C. Reject the sponsor altogether as we don't need additional funding and we shouldn't risk annoying the other sponsors
5/7/2022, 6:41:32 PM - deedledea[m]: > <@msvb-web:libera.chat> deedledea: Do you want me to copy the text of his document in this chat window for you?

No thanks, it finally loaded. Sorry for being a pain!
5/7/2022, 6:43:39 PM - deedledea[m]: I vote B + special recognition for sponsoring the speakers tickets (20-30) and speaker's dinner
5/7/2022, 6:44:09 PM - msvb-web: I vote A.
5/7/2022, 6:44:19 PM - deedledea[m]: > <@deedledea:matrix.org> I vote B + special recognition for sponsoring the speakers tickets (20-30) and speaker's dinner

B at Tier 2**
5/7/2022, 6:45:32 PM - monerokon-tg_: [telegram] <ajs_xmr>B
5/7/2022, 6:45:50 PM - midipoet: i don't undertsand why we would put the most gracious sponsor at tier 2
5/7/2022, 6:46:29 PM - midipoet: the other sponsors complained about the price, forced us to change, and then when one comes along we say "thanks but you aren't a cypherpunk hero tier"
5/7/2022, 6:46:33 PM - midipoet: that makes no sense to ne
5/7/2022, 6:46:35 PM - midipoet: *me
5/7/2022, 6:46:37 PM - msvb-web: It is to maintain professional dignity due to already telling the first two Tier-1 groups they would be the only onese.
5/7/2022, 6:46:43 PM - didyme joined the room
5/7/2022, 6:47:01 PM - deedledea[m]: midipoet: I agree but I don't know why they would agree to Tier 1 if they only get some benefits. If they do agree to that then more power to us...
5/7/2022, 6:47:04 PM - msvb-web: I feel it's dumb as well for them to say they want a discount and then we feel forced to lock out others.
5/7/2022, 6:47:24 PM - msvb-web: But I understand the logic quite well behind the problem.
5/7/2022, 6:47:36 PM - msvb-web: I don't know if it's even a mistake, like if we should do things differently in the future.
5/7/2022, 6:48:28 PM - midipoet: anyway, i vote A
5/7/2022, 6:48:35 PM - ajs_: I think we should learn from the experience and be more careful on sponsor selection process next time
5/7/2022, 6:49:06 PM - msvb-web: ArticMine: You are the tiebreaker, vote A B or C. Don't vote C or else our meeting goes in overtime.
5/7/2022, 6:49:28 PM - deedledea[m]: > <@ajs_[m]:libera.chat> I think we should learn from the experience and be more careful on sponsor selection process next time

Agreed. With a set deadline. We also set the bar low thinking not many sponsors would show. The opposite seems to be the case. 
5/7/2022, 6:50:12 PM - msvb-web: Oh, ajs_ did not vote either. Are you trying to not vote because you made the document?
5/7/2022, 6:50:54 PM - msvb-web: Oops, wrong again. He did vote, sorry. ArticMine?
5/7/2022, 6:51:10 PM - ArticMine: This is a tough one
5/7/2022, 6:52:33 PM - ArticMine: I vote B We have to keep our commitments 
5/7/2022, 6:53:11 PM - midipoet: ok. 
5/7/2022, 6:53:26 PM - midipoet: 6. Inside banners and swag items (G+H/msvb)
5/7/2022, 6:54:07 PM - midipoet: i think SWAG is ongoing (msvb) and inside banners, ajs_ @huichi said she made contact with you about these to peg onto your existing sponsor order, is this right?
5/7/2022, 6:54:13 PM - msvb-web: The inside banners should have the names of sponsors.
5/7/2022, 6:54:46 PM - midipoet: msvb-web: i think we have a plan of two Monero only inside banners, and then a set of specific sponsor banners (stage and wall)
5/7/2022, 6:54:50 PM - ajs_: Yes i have been in contact
5/7/2022, 6:55:08 PM - midipoet: ajs_: ok great. please let us know if any issues with these
5/7/2022, 6:55:11 PM - msvb-web: Nothing to report on swag. All designs are complete, three prototype merchandise are complete. Photos prove it.
5/7/2022, 6:55:17 PM - midipoet: 7. Local warehouse/shipping address (msvb/all)
5/7/2022, 6:55:24 PM - msvb-mtx sent an image. (Media omitted)
5/7/2022, 6:55:25 PM - msvb-mtx sent an image. (Media omitted)
5/7/2022, 6:55:26 PM - msvb-mtx sent an image. (Media omitted)
5/7/2022, 6:55:43 PM - midipoet: in the Wednesday sub-meeting we have agreed to use the shipping address ajs_ sourced for us.
5/7/2022, 6:55:45 PM - ajs_: We have shipping address 
5/7/2022, 6:55:45 PM - midipoet: thank you ajs_ !!
5/7/2022, 6:56:00 PM - midipoet: 8. Food-truck (all)
5/7/2022, 6:56:16 PM - ajs_: Address is "need to know" info 
5/7/2022, 6:56:26 PM - msvb-web: It seems that Arroz is vigorously opposed to our wished burger option.
5/7/2022, 6:56:35 PM - midipoet: @manhuichi and @gramsdb please can you book the VeganJunkies foodtruck, and continue sourcing meat/burger truck
5/7/2022, 6:56:49 PM - midipoet: msvb-web: i don't think they are opposed, just not "that keen"
5/7/2022, 6:56:56 PM - midipoet: they have not red flagged it as yet
5/7/2022, 6:57:08 PM - msvb-web: Okay midipoet, I hope so.
5/7/2022, 6:57:12 PM - midipoet: me too!
5/7/2022, 6:57:20 PM - midipoet: 9. Night-time programming (all)
5/7/2022, 6:57:25 PM - msvb-web: I don't have special information, just the way the cryptpad is worded.
5/7/2022, 6:57:46 PM - midipoet: nightime programming has been discussed. we are awaiting confirmation of artists/invoice for booking
5/7/2022, 6:57:56 PM - msvb-web: For the night programming, can we try to keep people safe with not too much alcohol? This was a problem in the past.
5/7/2022, 6:58:12 PM - midipoet: msvb-web: how do we limit consumption?
5/7/2022, 6:58:20 PM - msvb-web: Our free alcohol policy is not clear in the cryptpad.
5/7/2022, 6:58:26 PM - msvb-web: I mean the free part, we can limit that.
5/7/2022, 6:58:44 PM - midipoet: msvb-web: yes. i think the best option is to be gatekeepers for tickets
5/7/2022, 6:59:01 PM - midipoet: we will probably purchase a set number, and then distribute as required
5/7/2022, 6:59:08 PM - midipoet: any objections?
5/7/2022, 6:59:18 PM - deedledea[m]: nope
5/7/2022, 6:59:20 PM - msvb-web: That's a good way to control and yet offer free alcohol, with tickets. No objection from me.
5/7/2022, 6:59:30 PM - midipoet: ok great
5/7/2022, 6:59:38 PM - midipoet: 10. Venue mural [inside] (all)
5/7/2022, 7:00:05 PM - midipoet: @manhuichi and @gramsdb have asked the venue to try and contact the artist identified (lpenez), as she was not responding to my messages
5/7/2022, 7:00:19 PM - midipoet: hopefully we will hear something from them
5/7/2022, 7:00:32 PM - midipoet: if not, we will target an alternative
5/7/2022, 7:00:53 PM - midipoet: 11. AOB
5/7/2022, 7:00:55 PM - msvb-web: A forgotten update on swag, our swag bags have both a lanyard and a wristband (can't show the images so nobody copies them sorry) and either can be used for various access control. For example HCPP uses wristbands exclusively to get in the door and our HCPP badges are just for ATM withdrawls.
5/7/2022, 7:01:09 PM - midipoet: msvb-web: nice, thanks. 
5/7/2022, 7:01:26 PM - midipoet: is there any other business/discussion topics?
5/7/2022, 7:01:33 PM - msvb-web: So the unanswered question is 'do we want to use only one of the two for access control?' 
5/7/2022, 7:01:58 PM - msvb-web: There will be two colours of each, so they can indicate if you want photos taken or not. Black and orange.
5/7/2022, 7:02:22 PM - msvb-web: The question may remain unanswered, it's not an important topic.
5/7/2022, 7:02:31 PM - midipoet: msvb-web: i think all lanyards allow access (different colours indicate photo preference)
5/7/2022, 7:02:41 PM - midipoet: did you have another idea?
5/7/2022, 7:03:25 PM - msvb-web: My idea is to copy HCPP (wristbands only) so that if we go way over 200 people don't start throwing their lanyards over the wall.
5/7/2022, 7:03:36 PM - msvb-web: The wristbands cannot be removed without destroying them.
5/7/2022, 7:03:43 PM - ajs_: The majority of tickets sold indicated they didn't consent to photos
5/7/2022, 7:04:04 PM - midipoet: ha. lanyards over the wall sounds sort of fun - especially for the night time!
5/7/2022, 7:04:16 PM - msvb-web: Do we want the NO-CONSENT to be black or orange in the colour profile of wristbands and lanyards?
5/7/2022, 7:04:21 PM - ajs_: Maybe we should just have a general policy of no photos 
5/7/2022, 7:04:31 PM - midipoet: ajs_: yeah, that is what i was thinking
5/7/2022, 7:04:35 PM - ajs_: Unless explicit consent is given
5/7/2022, 7:04:44 PM - midipoet: be like berghain and ban phones and cameras!
5/7/2022, 7:04:50 PM - msvb-web: So we just need or want one colour of wristband and lanyard then right?
5/7/2022, 7:04:52 PM - deedledea[m]: yeah I like that we've gone from 'hopefully we get 50 attendees' to prevention of the 200+ throwing lanyards over a wall...
5/7/2022, 7:04:52 PM - ArticMine: If the majority wants that then yes
5/7/2022, 7:05:00 PM - msvb-web: Otherwise we will need to explain why the differen colours?
5/7/2022, 7:05:35 PM - midipoet: deedledea: June optimism
5/7/2022, 7:05:58 PM - msvb-web: So do we want all lanyards and wristbands the same colour? I assume yes unless somebody objects.
5/7/2022, 7:06:15 PM - msvb-web: We are ordering tomorrow.
5/7/2022, 7:06:22 PM - ajs_: I think same is okay
5/7/2022, 7:06:23 PM - midipoet: msvb-web: do VIPs get a different colour?
5/7/2022, 7:06:42 PM - msvb-web: VIP is a good idea. Maybe we keep two colours then?
5/7/2022, 7:07:06 PM - ajs_: VIPs will have special hand made badges (hopefully)
5/7/2022, 7:07:11 PM - midipoet: i think so. at least we have the option of differentiation then. worst comes to worst, we have some variety
5/7/2022, 7:07:23 PM - msvb-web: Okay, cool. It is settled.
5/7/2022, 7:07:23 PM - msvb-web: AOB2: We still have not decided which restaurant we want for the speaker's dinner. Would everyone please review the choices on the cryptpad so that we can vote next week?
5/7/2022, 7:07:40 PM - midipoet: ajs_: yeah, that is true. 
5/7/2022, 7:08:00 PM - midipoet: msvb-web: i am hoping we get some more options from @manhuichi and @gramsdb. 
5/7/2022, 7:08:08 PM - midipoet: so maybe we can hold for a week
5/7/2022, 7:08:11 PM - deedledea[m]: > <@ajs_[m]:libera.chat> Unless explicit consent is given

Yes. Same policy as C3 - if you take a photo you must obtain consent from all in it. We should make signs for this btw. 
5/7/2022, 7:08:28 PM - ajs_: We will need to have Vegan options for any restaurant chosen
5/7/2022, 7:09:00 PM - midipoet: ajs_: we will have Vegan junkies regardless
5/7/2022, 7:09:11 PM - midipoet: we just have to find some meat option to supplement
5/7/2022, 7:09:15 PM - ajs_: For the speaker dinner?
5/7/2022, 7:09:22 PM - midipoet: oh, sorry
5/7/2022, 7:09:36 PM - midipoet: that's a good point then. 
5/7/2022, 7:09:49 PM - midipoet: we have to check restaurant for vegan option!
5/7/2022, 7:10:14 PM - midipoet: ok. i think thats all (we are ten mins over)
5/7/2022, 7:10:16 PM - ajs_: We have 3-4 speakers that are vegan and a couple vegetarians
5/7/2022, 7:10:20 PM - msvb-web: I liked the place down the street a lot, not sure if everyone else likes it.
5/7/2022, 7:10:35 PM - midipoet: msvb-web: it seemed very authentic
5/7/2022, 7:11:05 PM - midipoet: but we will have to check if they have vegan options (as it seemed very seafood/meat heavy
5/7/2022, 7:11:25 PM - midipoet: 12. Confirm next meeting time and date
5/7/2022, 7:11:44 PM - midipoet: ok sub-meeting on Wednesday as usual. 
5/7/2022, 7:11:52 PM - midipoet: next IRC meeting same time next week
5/7/2022, 7:11:58 PM - midipoet: (sorry for rushing the last items)
5/7/2022, 7:12:02 PM - midipoet: thanks all
5/7/2022, 7:12:06 PM - msvb-web: Very good meeting and great moderation midipoet thank you.
5/7/2022, 7:12:21 PM - deedledea[m]: Thanks all! Got through a lot today. Thanks midipoet 
5/7/2022, 7:13:00 PM - ajs_: Thanks midipoet 
5/7/2022, 7:13:17 PM - ArticMine: Thnnks