---
layout: post
category: story
title: Monero Development Workgroup meeting scheduled for 28 November 2021 1700 UTC
description: Monero Development Workgroup meeting scheduled for 28 November 2021 1700 UTC on IRC and Matrix.
tags: [events, calendar]
image: 
last_modified_at: 2021-11-29
---

The next *Monero Development Workgroup* meeting is scheduled[^1] to take place on Sunday, 28 November 2021 at 17:00 UTC.

The meeting should take place on irc/matrix[^2] in the #monero-dev channels.

### Main discussion topics

- Fee changes 
- Decoy selection algorithm changes 
- Ringsize increase
- UkoeHB's multisig refactor
- i2p/Tor Network Screen Designs
- Removing unlock time 
- Setting date for network upgrade (Confirm release name for 0.18)
- vtnerd's proposals for E2E of P2P traffic

To view the full agenda and propose an item, consult #633[^1].

This meeting's chairperson will be monerobull[^3].



---

**Update: added new discussion topic to the list.**

**Update 11/28: logs for the meeting are available[^4].**

**Update 11/29:**

During the meeting, the community has reached rough consensus[^5] for the following:

- Ring size: 16
- HF timeline: Mar 15th 2022 hard-fork, Feb 15th release, Jan 15th tag

---

[^1]: [https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/633](https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/633){:target="_blank"}{:rel="nofollow"}
[^2]: #monero-dev (irc), #monero-dev:monero.social (matrix)
[^3]: https://github.com/monerobull
[^4]: https://libera.monerologs.net/monero-dev/20211128#c51666
[^5]: https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/630#issuecomment-981759042
