---
layout: post
category: story
title: Monero Research Lab meeting scheduled for 22 December 2021 1700 UTC
description: Monero Research Lab meeting scheduled for 22 December 2021 1700 UTC on irc/Matrix channels.
tags: [events, calendar]
last_modified_at: 2021-12-22
---

The next Monero Research Lab[^1] meeting is scheduled to take place on Wednesday, December 22nd 2021 at 17:00 UTC.

The meeting should take place on IRC-Libera/Matrix[^2] in the #monero-research-lab channels.

~~The discussion topics list has not yet been published~~, but UkoeHB[^3] has proposed focusing on Seraphis address schemes:

> For next meeting I'd like to focus on Seraphis address schemes and hopefully reach some kind of decision (or get closer, maybe narrow down the choices to 2 or 3).[^4]

Make sure you read MRL #92[^5] and tevador[^6]'s proposal (JAMTIS document[^7]) before joining this week's discussion.

Logs for the previous MRL meeting are available on Monerologs[^8].

---

**Update: issue #642 posted[^9]; agenda included.**

**Update 12/22**: logs for this meeting are now available[^10]; here are the cliffs:

- reached general consensus to pursue JAMTIS
- next steps include getting feedback from merchants and deciding how much of the API to support out-of-the-box

---

[^1]: https://github.com/monero-project/research-lab
[^2]: irc://irc.libera.chat/#monero-research-lab (IRC), https://matrix.to/#/#monero-research-lab:monero.social (Matrix)
[^3]: https://github.com/UkoeHB
[^4]: https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/640#issuecomment-995256422
[^5]: https://github.com/monero-project/research-lab/issues/92
[^6]: https://github.com/tevador
[^7]: https://gist.github.com/tevador/50160d160d24cfc6c52ae02eb3d17024
[^8]: https://libera.monerologs.net/monero-research-lab/20211215#c57915
[^9]: [https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/642](https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/642){:target="_blank"}{:rel="nofollow"}
[^10]: https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/642#issuecomment-999773261
