---
layout: post
category: story
title: Monero Research Lab meeting scheduled for 13 April 2022 1700 UTC
description: Monero Research Lab meeting scheduled for 13 April 2022 1700 UTC on irc/Matrix channels.
tags: [events, calendar]
meeting_name: MRL
meeting_date: 2022-04-13 (WED)
meeting_start: 17:00 UTC
meeting_irc: irc://irc.libera.chat/#monero-research-lab
meeting_matrix: https://matrix.to/#/#monero-research-lab:monero.social
meeting_logs: https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/688#issuecomment-1098386708
last_modified_at: 2022-04-13
---

The next Monero Research Lab[^1] meeting is scheduled to take place on Wednesday, April 13 2022 at 17:00 UTC.

The meeting should take place on IRC-Libera/Matrix[^2] in the #monero-research-lab channels.

### Agenda

- Revisit @tevador's idea to record account indices in the tx, to improve robustness of output recovery (logs[^3])
- Focus on Seraphis address schemes and hopefully reach some kind of decision (or get closer, maybe narrow down the choices to 2 or 3) (MRL#92[^4], tevador's JAMTIS[^5])
- Adaptive CPU regulation for improved mining performance (maxwellsdemon)
- Further analysis of July-Aug 2021 tx volume anomaly (logs[^6])
- Improvements to the mixin selection algorithm (MRL#86[^7], JBerman's update[^8], MRL#88[^9], Rucknium's OSPEAD[^10]) 
- Seraphis[^11]/Triptych[^12]/Lelantus Spark[^13]
[..]


This meeting's chairperson will be UkoeHB[^14]. To view the full discussion topic list and propose an agenda item, post a comment on Github in #688[^15].

The previous meeting (April 6) was canceled due to Monerotopia. Logs for the March 30 meeting are available on Github[^16].

---

**Update: logs for this meeting are now available on GH[^17].**

---

[^1]: https://github.com/monero-project/research-lab
[^2]: irc://irc.libera.chat/#monero-research-lab (IRC), https://matrix.to/#/#monero-research-lab:monero.social (Matrix)
[^3]: https://libera.monerologs.net/monero-research-lab/20211230
[^4]: https://github.com/monero-project/research-lab/issues/92
[^5]: https://gist.github.com/tevador/50160d160d24cfc6c52ae02eb3d17024
[^6]: https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/621#issuecomment-948953655
[^7]: https://github.com/monero-project/research-lab/issues/86
[^8]: https://repo.getmonero.org/monero-project/ccs-proposals/-/merge_requests/249#note_11480
[^9]: https://github.com/monero-project/research-lab/issues/88
[^10]: https://ccs.getmonero.org/proposals/Rucknium-OSPEAD-Fortifying-Monero-Against-Statistical-Attack.html
[^11]: https://github.com/UkoeHB/Seraphis
[^12]: https://eprint.iacr.org/2021/1173
[^13]: https://github.com/cypherstack/triptych-multisig/blob/main/main.pdf
[^14]: https://github.com/UkoeHB
[^15]: [https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/688](https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/688){:target="_blank"}{:rel="nofollow"}
[^16]: https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/682#issuecomment-1083440546
[^17]: https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/688#issuecomment-1098386708
