---
layout: post
category: story
title: Monero Development Workgroup meeting scheduled for 2 April 2022 1700 UTC
description: Monero Development Workgroup meeting scheduled for 2 April 2022 1700 UTC on IRC and Matrix.
tags: [events, calendar]
image: 
meeting_name: Dev
meeting_date: 2022-04-02 (SAT)
meeting_start: 17:00 UTC
meeting_irc: irc://irc.libera.chat/#monero-dev
meeting_matrix: https://matrix.to/#/#monero-dev:monero.social
meeting_logs: https://libera.monerologs.net/monero-dev/20220402#c82450
last_modified_at: 2022-04-02
---

The next *Monero Development Workgroup* meeting is scheduled[^1] to take place on Saturday, 2 April 2022 at 17:00 UTC.

The meeting should take place on IRC-Libera/Matrix[^2] in the #monero-dev channels.

Note that although there is no set agenda, the status of the current hard fork will probably be the focus of this meeting:

> Dev meeting dedicated to the v15 network upgrade that was orginally scheduled for March. It finally might be possible to set the fork date now. (rbrunner7[^3])

This meeting's chairperson will be *erciccione*[^4].

Logs for the previous meeting are available on GH[^5].

~~*I will update the report with relevant PR's as soon rbrunner adds them to the issue.*~~

### Relevant PRs

- Fee changes from ArticMine #7819
- Bulletproof+ by sarang, tied to consensus #7170
- Bump ring size to 16 for v15 #8178
- Add view tags to outputs to reduce wallet scanning time #8061
- multisig: key exchange update and refactor #7877
- Multisig: signature fixes #8149
[..]

The list might change before the meeting. To view the full PR/issue/author/review table, consult rbrunner's comment[^6].

---

**Update 22/3/27: added PRs[^6].**

**Update 22/4/2: logs available[^7].**

---

[^1]: [https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/680](https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/680){:target="_blank"}{:rel="nofollow"}, https://libera.monerologs.net/monero-dev/20220325#c80056
[^2]: #monero-dev (IRC-Libera), [#monero-dev:monero.social](https://matrix.to/#/#libera_#monero-dev:matrix.org){:target="_blank"}{:rel="nofollow"} (Matrix)
[^3]: https://github.com/rbrunner7
[^4]: https://github.com/erciccione
[^5]: https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/655#issuecomment-1024960649
[^6]: https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/680#issuecomment-1079924577
[^7]: https://libera.monerologs.net/monero-dev/20220402#c82450
