---
layout: post
category: story
title: Monero Development Workgroup meeting scheduled for 29 January 2022 1700 UTC
description: Monero Development Workgroup meeting scheduled for 29 January 2022 1700 UTC on IRC and Matrix.
tags: [events, calendar]
image: 
last_modified_at: 2022-01-29
meeting_name: Dev
meeting_date: 2022-01-29 (SAT)
meeting_start: 17:00 UTC
meeting_irc: irc://irc.libera.chat/#monero-dev
meeting_matrix: https://matrix.to/#/#monero-dev:monero.social
meeting_logs: https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/655#issuecomment-1024960649
---

The next *Monero Development Workgroup* meeting is scheduled[^1] to take place on Saturday, 29 January 2022 at 17:00 UTC.

The meeting should take place on IRC-Libera/Matrix[^2] in the #monero-dev channels.

### Main discussion topics

- Status of changes that should go in the next hard fork (bulletproofs+ PR @ #7170[^3], fee changes PR @ #7819[^4], view tags PR @ #8061[^5])
- Reassess schedule for rollout[^6]
- Confirm and officialise ringsize 16
- Discuss potential Features to be added for next hard fork (PRs: MRL #88[^7], #6410[^8], #7760[^9], #7877[^10])

To view the full agenda and propose an item, consult #655[^1].

This meeting's chairperson will be *erciccione*.

---

**Update 22/1/27: updated issue no from #652 to #655, agenda, swap chairperson.**

**Update 22/1/29: logs for this meeting are available on GH[^11].**

**Meeting notes:**

- consensus reached for ringsize bump to 16
- PR #8061 (view tags) still open for final reviews
- PR #7819 (fee changes) needs a second review (jberman volunteered) and more discussion before merge (in next MRL meeting)
- carrington voiced *grave concerns* about chain growth attacks (MRL #70)
- PR #7170 (Bulletproofs+) waiting for vtnerd's final review 

---

[^1]: [https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/655](https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/655){:target="_blank"}{:rel="nofollow"}
[^2]: #monero-dev (IRC-Libera), #monero-dev:monero.social (Matrix)
[^3]: https://github.com/monero-project/monero/pull/7170
[^4]: https://github.com/monero-project/monero/pull/7819
[^5]: https://github.com/monero-project/monero/pull/8061
[^6]: https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/630
[^7]: https://github.com/monero-project/research-lab/issues/88
[^8]: https://github.com/monero-project/monero/pull/6410
[^9]: https://github.com/monero-project/monero/pull/7760
[^10]: https://github.com/monero-project/monero/pull/7877
[^11]: https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/655#issuecomment-1024960649



