---
layout: post
category: story
title: Monero Research Lab meeting scheduled for 19 January 2021 1700 UTC
description: Monero Research Lab meeting scheduled for 19 January 2021 1700 UTC on irc/Matrix channels.
tags: [events, calendar]
last_modified_at: 2022-01-19
meeting_name: MRL
meeting_date: 2022-01-19 (WED)
meeting_start: 17:00 UTC
meeting_irc: irc://irc.libera.chat/#monero-research-lab
meeting_matrix: https://matrix.to/#/#monero-research-lab:monero.social
meeting_logs: https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/651#issuecomment-1016731217
---

The next Monero Research Lab[^1] meeting is scheduled to take place on Wednesday, January 19 2022 at 17:00 UTC.

The meeting should take place on IRC-Libera/Matrix[^2] in the #monero-research-lab channels.

## Agenda

- Revisit @tevador's idea to record account indices in the tx, to improve robustness of output recovery
- Focus on Seraphis address schemes and hopefully reach some kind of decision
- Adaptive CPU regulation for improved mining performance
- Further analysis of July-Aug 2021 tx volume anomaly
- Improvements to the mixin selection algorithm
- Seraphis/Triptych/Lelantus Spark
- MRL META: "Cat herding"
- Examine sample size and random seed matters in Monero's unit tests
- Multisig Drijvers attack mitigation

This meeting's chairperson will be UkoeHB[^3]. To propose an agenda item, post a comment on Github in #651[^4].

Logs for the previous MRL meeting are available in #649[^5].

---

**Update: logs for this meeting are now available[^6].**

---

[^1]: https://github.com/monero-project/research-lab
[^2]: irc://irc.libera.chat/#monero-research-lab (IRC), https://matrix.to/#/#monero-research-lab:monero.social (Matrix)
[^3]: https://github.com/UkoeHB
[^4]: [https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/651](https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/651){:target="_blank"}{:rel="nofollow"}
[^5]: https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/649#issuecomment-1012904297
[^6]: https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/651#issuecomment-1016731217
