---
layout: post
category: story
title: Monero Development Workgroup meeting scheduled for 7 May 2022 1700 UTC
description: Monero Development Workgroup meeting scheduled for 7 May 2022 1700 UTC on IRC and Matrix.
tags: [events, calendar]
image: 
meeting_name: Dev
meeting_date: 2022-05-07 (SAT)
meeting_start: 17:00 UTC
meeting_irc: irc://irc.libera.chat/#monero-dev
meeting_matrix: https://matrix.to/#/#monero-dev:monero.social
meeting_logs: /assets/logs/220507-dev.log
meeting_summary: /meeting-log-summary-monero-development-workgroup-meeting-7-may-2022
last_modified_at: 2022-05-10
---

The next *Monero Development Workgroup* meeting is scheduled[^1] to take place on Saturday, 7 May 2022 at 17:00 UTC.

The meeting should take place on IRC-Libera/Matrix in the #monero-dev[^2] channels and the meeting's chairperson will be *ErCiccione*[^3].

### Relevant Issues

- Monero v15 hard-fork planning #630[^4]
- v15 Network Upgrade Checklist #690[^5] 

To propose a discussion topic, post a comment in #700[^1] on Github.

Logs for the previous meeting are available on Monerologs[^6].

---

**Update 22/5/7: logs for this meeting are now available[^7].**

**Update 22/5/10: summary for this meeting is now available[^8].**

---

[^1]: [https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/700](https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/700){:target="_blank"}{:rel="nofollow"}
[^2]: #monero-dev (IRC-Libera), [#monero-dev:monero.social](https://matrix.to/#/#libera_#monero-dev:matrix.org){:target="_blank"}{:rel="nofollow"} (Matrix)
[^3]: https://github.com/erciccione
[^4]: https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/630
[^5]: https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/690
[^6]: https://libera.monerologs.net/monero-dev/20220416#c85376
[^7]: [/assets/logs/220507-dev.log](/assets/logs/220507-dev.log)
[^8]: [/meeting-log-summary-monero-development-workgroup-meeting-7-may-2022](/meeting-log-summary-monero-development-workgroup-meeting-7-may-2022)



